- [Instructor] Let's take a look
at some JMS response management with our classes
and methods that use the JMS listener.
Opening our warehouse receiver class,
we'll begin by modifying the receive method
with some annotations.
We'll start by annotating the book order parameter
with @Payload.
Spring says that this annotation binds a method parameter
to the payload or the message.
Now, we don't necessarily have to have the @Payload here,
but it does help identify for us as we add more parameters
which one bears the message content or payload.
Next, Spring makes available the @Header annotation.
So we'll hit Enter,
comma, Enter, type @Header,
and we'll supply the name property
with the orderState,
and
this will take a String of orderState.
We'll also add one for the bookOrderId.
Again, we'll type String bookOrderId,
and the last one
will be for our storeId.
Spring additionally makes available some objects
that it will populate with message header details,
like the aptly named message header object.
We'll add it as well.
This object will automatically get populated
because of our @JmsListener annotation
with all the core JMS headers and custom header objects.
So I'll type
MessageHeaders,
and we'll just call it messageHeaders.
With those in place, let's add some logging
to see the contents of these messages.
We'll type
LOGGER.info,
and we'll say that the Message property
orderState equals curly brackets,
the bookOrderId equals curly brackets,
the storeId equals curly brackets,
and then we're going to use the parameter pieces
for this LOGGER to populate those curly brackets.
Let's also create a LOGGER for our
messageHeaders.
Next, let's pass two of our custom headers down
into the warehouse processing service.
So we'll scroll down here,
go to the warehouse processing service,
and we're just going to add the orderState and the storeId.
We'll go over and modify the original method signature next.
And the processOrder, we'll modify this
and add a String for our orderState
and a String for our storeId.
Now we talked about handling flow
as some sort of branching logic.
To demonstrate what could be done,
we will add some if else checks
that concern the String orderState.
We'll add some pseudo database calls as well below
on our processing order method and we'll type the following.
We'll add a method called private
void add, and this'll take a BookOrder,
and we'll pass in a String of our storeId.
And we'll use our LOGGER here, say info,
adding a new order to the database.
Create another method, private void update.
Again, this'll take a BookOrder,
String storeId, again we're gonna log this,
and we're gonna say
updating an order to the database.
And finally we'll create our last method,
private void delete.
Again this'll take a BookOrder and a String storeId,
LOGGER, info,
and we're going to give a message
that we are deleting the order
from the database.
Let's remove the LOGGER info for now,
that's here.
Now, we wanna set up the branching logic to call these
before our convertAndSend method.
So, let's just say if, new,
equalsIgnoreCase, orderState,
and we're gonna call the add bookOrder.
We'll give it our bookOrder and the storeId,
else if, update,
equalsIgnoreCase, orderState,
we're going to send it to the update, bookOrder, storeId,
else if,
delete, equalsIgnoreCase, orderState,
and you guessed it, we're calling the delete method,
bookOrder, storeId.
I think you get the idea.
Being able to utilize custom JMS headers
in your response management can really open up
a number of possibilities without having to modify
your message POJO objects themselves.